welcome to the weekly in web browsers
and I could ask you to sync up as is
customary we will be working from agenda
so let me share that momentarily there's
a couple of items of gender meat school
time okay our discussions but we shall
start with a round of show-and-tell from
things you done in last week Michael top
of the list top of the bill and she
shared that's the thing we did you know
yep okay so we have not hear each other
on this call for two weeks so the first
week we've been in this bond doing
hacking head planning and there's a
threat for web browsers working group
with our hopes and dreams for this
quarter and those hopes and dreams then
had to be cut down significantly so
things that we will be able to fit into
a quarter but if you are interested in
my like entire list of hopes and dreams
dietrich published it on this fantastic
thread so thats related to oculus had
some discussions around leonesse
collaborations on the translation front
we were en s collaborations yeah so like
nothing solid yet but we are probing
ground on like taking different
stakeholders in a secure system so the
browser vendors doubts some low-level
platforms that's already introduced in s
support and that this effort is mostly
like
truck by Arkady but I'm helping him with
some technical advice for those who
don't know his ENS oh gosh yeah so E&S
is maybe I'll share so EMS is TV room
service which lets you to publish a
pointer to ipfs Content ID or something
else entirely on the it better rock
chain and some software already shipped
support for that if you install metal
mask you are able to enter a tearoom
domains which and with that e th that
will use distributed blockchain service
for instead of the classical dns-based
resolver and load web page for you who I
profess compile does not support that
yet mostly because we don't ship atrium
clients with it but we are looking into
ways we could add ENS resulting
capability to software that does not
ship with fully TM clients all sort of
like delegated ENS resolver and that's
what those conversation about it's just
very beginning of hurting all the cuts
and looking what is the smallest thing
we could collaborate together on yeah so
that's more or less moving moving to
like translations we added support for
our Brazilian collaborators who have
some specific different language than
people from Portugal for technical terms
and we will be we are in the process of
splitting
single local into two separate vocals
added some notes about alternative
service header which could enable us to
support symbolize migration path similar
to the way HTTP 2 was introduced those
were sort of boring things that I don't
have any visuals but now I have visual
for ya only what is also all surface
HTTP header that you can use to announce
that this specific website service can
be loaded using a different transport
which is very cool for web browser
supports it's not cool right now because
it requires like native support by the
vendor itself we are not able to like
make use of this header from our browser
extension but if one of vendors shipped
support we that would be like standards
compliant way of introducing migration
paths and yeah and like it's already
like battle-tested fool around HTTP 2
and origin and addressing location bar
stays the same so it's an interesting
way we should probably look at that
eventually companion in version 2.8
landed in stable channel it includes
visual refresh of main menu and
preferences screen pinning is no longer
closing this menu it's like a lot of
small visual tweaks still working
progress if you have ideas of like how
to improve it there's an issue when you
can discuss that and already there are
things that we plan to do next
context actions are available on DNS
link
so even if you temporarily disable
redirect and keep location
original location location bar you will
get context actions for websites that
are backed by a key offense we shipped
well who shipped we open new what UI
with companion which has very cool
improvements on the file screen so make
sure to check that you are now able to
opt out from redirect for a specific
website so let's say you want to watch
something on d2 power or something like
that but for some reason it does not
work you can set the redirect on you on
that one website and if you are browsing
the NSTIC website it will switch between
IP anna's path and original domain name
and there are separate toggle for
disabling redirect globally if you want
to test something or just want to use
other integrations synchronized
translations big thank you to all
everyone who contributed translations
and I think that's it
install it from the store it's on the
stable channel available for Firefox
Chrome chromium brave opera all the
usual suspects and what alright
I was able to finally find some time to
fix embedded J's gateway so it now
produce the Chabad extreme responses I
think I think I've added a like a longer
explanation what was wrong and what are
the next steps but I think I will be
able to give you a quick demo so I got
brave running on my laptop and you can
see there's J's ipfs node under the flow
training hero and if we like open local
gateway so 1990 is local gateway exposed
by the web extension itself
and this is an image that was loaded
from that gateway it loaded Twitter of
the problem which is good and what is
very good is I've also managed to fix a
bug in JSA PFS which did not do
streaming responses correctly because
like it was doing streaming but the HTTP
server that we've been using was
catching entire pile out because it was
doing gzip compression I think and it
did not flash after each chunk it was
like buffering and tired of thinking
memory and when entire thing was
buffered then it compressed and I think
so I fixed that and after now when it
does the streaming after each chunk it
is flashing the compressor and streaming
response is working correctly so I think
I probably should be able to show
streaming but I think even cooler things
to show is that now that we have like
working gateway we probably should
should be able to just open web UI using
this gateway okay that was yeah it works
so this is a local gateway exposed by
jacek EFS running in the extension
itself which is super super cool and you
can see I am able to like I've got a
file here at it before I can explore
stuff and it's just everything is
embedded I need to refresh this UI once
it's it's very good that yeah that fix
that fixed everything yep all right I
won't take more time from everybody else
but that same demo I hope that's very
cool so that's kind of our give us
javascript in the browser pointing to
polls it's ridiculous
yeah we have like HTTP server in HTTP
browser which is ridiculous
what musing from using companion it's
probably isn't the right place to dig
into it too deeply but there's a kind of
UX and winds which is like the the the
idea of just always redirecting to the
gateway or always using HTTP it's kind
of like never what I want what I want is
like go for go for the fastest thing
possible like get me the web page and if
it won't like and so if that's HTTP
initially because you have to locate
Pearson Baba like I kind of want that
like after the fact also get this
website into my local IP FS so that then
the next time I visit it it's super fact
like the serviceworker kind of model so
that I can leave the I can leave the
redirect enabled or I can like I can
still get things from my local cache
whether available but get like not feel
the slowdown like I don't ever want to
have to turn it off for a particular
website because I'm annoyed because it's
taking too long and I know that the HTT
will be faster for the first load that
make sense yeah yeah like we we could we
are detecting DNS link on web sites
right now so we could sort of like
preload them in the background not sure
like it's a tricky because some people
are using may be using it on mobile and
you are duplicating data so you've got
the double transfer you know yeah you so
much for today also so the way that
beacon does it is it's like you got the
edge to be one of it's like oh PSP
version is available and then you kind
of opt in to that Jim did you have a
comment yeah I think the stuff that Eric
Lee goes ala who's working on that's
pretty much the whole idea per
peer-to-peer progressive web app so it's
like you go it's it shows up HTTP you
know it shows up it appears like a
normal website but it's actually being
loaded completely over IP FS if you've
got that capability then if you're on
your phone
doesn't have that capability still works
somehow so but I think we're getting
like with the companion I mean like if
you got companion installed or if you're
running brave and it's just got it like
it's gonna be like anyone that's got
that capability but yeah I definitely
put together is pretty like iframes as a
bunch of jokers is it's like that's a
real tingle interesting this is just
figure out what what the clean way of
doing that is going to be is gonna be a
lot of work mmm so this is just a
proposal for the UX of ipfs companion
that might be more pleasing day-to-day
to this link for the first time you get
a site that is also as a DNS link then
don't don't force that first visit to go
buy at the local gateway oh yeah so
there's actually a separate issue about
if we should read that actually redirect
the nesting websites to local gateway
when we don't have capability to
guarantee original is isolation but
that's a mouthful way of saying that we
don't want to change like the domain
name and I feel there's a way of making
dots like of improving dots basically we
are able to detect if a request is for
the mainframe which is the page that has
an address in location bar or is it for
any of sub resources on that page so
basically for DNS linked websites we
could change the default to not redirect
that main request and keep the location
but all images CSS JavaScript would
below that from ipfs the second the
second time yeah so that's an open
discussion there's an issue related to
that if anyone is interested to go to
the garage
depends on how you perceive the
viability or timeline of delivering
sub-domain like local HTTP proxy within
companion and coop events I guess so
okay that's arguably a better solution
yeah yeah so the plan is like it's not
very solid but I think until we have
that HTTP proxy which creates a very
nice domains in location bar we will
probably do what I just mentioned just
don't really direct the main requests
and keep the origin unchanged there's a
risk of mixing content from different
origins yeah it's not as it's not as
clear cut as makes it sound yeah yeah
challenging all right that was a tangent
but somebody's been rolling around my
head next on the list
hey Fiona do you wanna share them yeah
sure okay so how
last week we were almost everybody in
the team week listen so that's that then
this week I started to let it in Protoss
co-learning a bit of you so I did a
bunch of reworking and restructuring of
the project basically our aim is to make
it as simple as possible for everyone to
add tutorials and you had to to put some
code in to make everything work
but the way I restructured things you
just have to basically add some routes
because I haven't found a better way to
do that but I should be able to in the
future but then again I think it's
pretty better but most of the work is
done on this Jason these tutorials you
just I can just show you it's easier
right now we have a bunch of tutorials
in our case we have three if you want to
do with another one you just come to
this Jason pick a new entry like or or
something just going to and it should
automatically appear okay everything is
right here so yeah this is cool because
we're hoping that we'll get a bunch of
tutorials for ipfs camp and as we make
it easier for everyone it will be easier
for us too so that's that's the thing
another thing I did was to I have two
componentize a bunch of stuff here so
every tutorial is now component and we
have now landing pages for each to them
so when we you previously when you click
here you will automatically go to the
first lesson now we have like this
little indexed landing page for each
tutorial so you can see what
lessons are on it yeah yes this is
basically it's I would say it's a work
in progress but I think it's one more
commit and it's ready to go so so yeah
very cool yeah thanks okay I'm kind of I
put this under lock but I am not really
locked I'm just waiting on some feedback
to the web UI chores that I have been
working but the everywhere everything is
working and just waiting for feedback so
we can merge this and make it release it
I don't know
next up this week I want to finish the
is Roscoe commit and I'll start start to
help Terry in the first tutorial and
probably tackle some web UI issues that
I I saw that told me to sleep good that
is good progress on the school no ease
all right it's me share effect no
nothing super visual to share this week
but worth discussing is the we came up
with a first draft of the hopes and
dreams for the curry team for the next
quarter so if you are interested in what
you I endeavor that's can be done to
improve I profess over the next three
months you should take a look at this
issue nine to six on IP FS team
management and it has has I've proposed
okay ours which basically is focused on
protocol documentation onboarding user
experience creating content for ipfs
camphor-tree hope it's mostly valuable
to protocol and some improvements to the
docs website and I can nest or io
website one that we've been talking
about a chunk this week is I give us
desktop being the default installed item
so there was a proposal on for
the homepage there was a proposal to
simplify right now if you click on
install and I'd better stay oh it takes
you to a multi-step process that
involves unpacking like download at our
unpack at our copier binary into your
path which is basically a kind of
unhelpful level of detail for experts
and an unhelpful level of detail for
beginners so there's a proposal to say
well basically if ipfs is a command-line
tool let's let's suggest that you
install it from your favorite package
manager and make sure that that's up to
date so that the install step is one
command not several and more likely to
work that way we kind of demonstrate
that IVFs is is you know has active
community support in that it exists on
many different package managers that
kind of lends a sense of credibility to
a project and but also the discussion
then we've done - shouldn't we just
recommend installing IPS desktop so
there's another there's another
iteration on this so then the only
caveat anything preventing us saying
everyone just installed desktop all the
time is most of our content is tutorials
that involve using the command line and
right now installing desktop doesn't
also install the command line tooling so
there is an open issue on desktop to
make that the case and this is our next
priority for desktop and you know okay
as Lydell and in recurved in thrashin
that one out and I just - you know net
today that we should definitely start by
copying whatever it is Adam did so it
dug around in that for a bit and I yeah
it's kind of neat just it checks for
their existence on first run and copies
it to a shell script
I think Lydell has some interesting
ideas around not directly linking to the
binary but having an intermediate
wrapper shell script that can make sure
that your mic FS command line is always
pointing to the same binary that desktop
is pointing to which projects forward to
a future feature that is desktop should
let you configure which version of my
DFS you want to use and that would
include
toggling between Jas or go
implementations which you probably is
definitely an advanced feature it's
something that we're all internally
interested in but I think externally we
kind of need to be careful about how we
promote that because it's the kind of
cognitive overhead for the user that
perhaps isn't interesting at this stage
or at least needs to be framed in terms
of what features it makes available
anyway that is a chunk of work that is
going on to check out the old cars check
out the antipas issue that is gonna make
installing things a lot nicer we just
got we just updated God gave us with the
latest 2.4 that for web be a release and
there's an O 420 go ipfs release that is
going to rc1 in the next either today or
tomorrow and so potentially by the end
of the week the new web UI might see the
light of day with with gotta be best
which would be great otherwise in
digging into the code of JSC ID the
cornerstone of our defense see IDs and
I'm making breaking changes so if you
care about see IDs in JavaScript and you
might want to look at pull requests 77
on multi formats JSC ID occurs the
problem that we have is in Libya we if
we get given a base 32 encoded CID well
what we do is we take the user provided
string and we pass it to the CID
constructor so we say new CID this
string and in the current implementation
of CID it coerces all see IDs like if
you asked for the string representation
back from the CID object it always gives
it to you in base 58 Bitcoin flavor
which which has to change when we move
to base 32 but is also in my opinion
unnecessarily draconian in the sense
that with series flexible to the base
encoding so
I've added a feature to CID which means
it preserves if you pass a CID string to
the CID object study every constructor
it will preserve the base that you gave
it so when you ask for the strength for
map again it will use the base encoding
that you provide it what I mean what I
mean by now it's easier if I show it so
what I'm proposing is if I give a base
32 encoded Co D string to the CID
library today what I'd like to happen is
if I later call to string on it that I
get the same string back and or if I
pass a base 58 encoded CID if I later
cool to sharing I think I get a base 50
encoded version back which seems kind of
obvious way to say it like that but up
until now that has not been the case so
there's a pull request in flight to fix
that and also to tidy up the constructor
of clear cont because it was getting a
bit hairy because a few features have
been added to it over the years and yeah
neat was time to refactor anyway that's
why I've been working on so next week
I'm going to be for the rest of the week
I'll be focusing on I've already been
looking at adding end-to-end tests to
desktop because a couple of bucks of
surface this week that that's the jus
the promise of using an electron app is
that you get an own version of chromium
so you have fewer problems with browser
bugs because you know the browser that
you're deploying on which unfortunately
we haven't been testing on that specific
version and it's an old version and it
has really interesting unique bugs that
chrome doesn't have didn't have like
that that release number particularly
around adding directories of files again
so right now in desktop depending on how
you try and add directories or files it
doesn't work again which is great so
there's a like we have to stop releasing
the
of the gooeys the core feature work if
this doesn't work in them but this this
has good tests in web UI and they all
pass but when you load it up in desktop
it fails because the version of chromium
in electron has new and unique and
interesting interpretations of the get
WebKit relative path non-standard
feature of when you drop directories on
on webpages so I have to dig into that
but I'm not going to dig into it and so
I have a test that tells me that it
passes because it's just getting
embarrassing now and there's another one
which I don't I just don't even
understand yet but the the graph Krong
the iCub the Explorer they lets you
navigate back up to the graph so if you
drill down and drill down and drill down
into an IP LD graph you know pit
Explorer if you use the breadcrumb in
Firefox or Chrome works fine always has
done if you use it in electron in
chromium errors out super cool didn't
didn't see that coming
don't have a test for that so don't have
a test in it I can run an electron map
and drive it so yeah it's been a fun
week what else happened oh yeah I did a
good write-up if you haven't seen it
it's got a couple of photos on if you
have photos of that event that you wanna
share you should definitely set up a
account with the textile the textile
photos you can share the photos of that
with us and that's me
anyone else got things they wanna share
Eric's on the list
great sure not a whole store of IPF
Estes did the Lisbon thing y'all and
yeah I'm as someone split across
different projects file coin has been
one that's been distracting me trying to
iterate on that brand and give them give
them some usable stuff and in terms of
ipfs
we have nothing GUI why's that I've done
I am doing something ipfs wise regarding
just designing some thumbnail some
thumbnails for kind of title cards for
videos that we put on YouTube trying to
make some kind of a simple system for
for Zach the problem is it's essentially
like postage stamp design the idea is to
to make things scannable in a way that
you can tell what's different about each
each of them words are easy to read or
at least are readable some I'm making it
I'm sort of gravitating toward a really
simple really simple layout the head
that uses maybe some kind of a color
coding overall colors ipfs but then it
uses a shard of color to identify you
know i DM my PFS GUI etcetera etcetera
not specifically GUI but you know it's
like yes i like the direction i saw some
previous iterations of that i'd like the
direction it's going and one on one
design challenge to add to the mix that
you may have seen already is embedding
embedding these videos in other websites
YouTube ads the title of the video over
the top of the slide you can see the
challenge here these are relatively like
easy to read clear slightly title
screens but then youtubers has clematis
probably adding adding the name on top
so you can configure that what we should
do on this website is just configure the
embed to not embed the title but it's
just worth being aware of yeah because
that's essentially what we're covering
our fan challenges in every direction
and yeah next time playing the dive
headfirst into getting a style guide
under way
if tachyons are the way to go then that
might be a good base for it I'm gonna
take a look at to the best of my
knowledge see what you know to the best
of my knowledge about how ipfs stuff
works see whether I think tachyons is a
good base flexible and something that we
might be able to customize without too
much you know without turning too much
of it off and additionally then you know
taking a look at the couple of apps that
we do have and then breaking them down
doing analysis of things I might iterate
on and different components that we
might pull out of there and then they
dropping those into a into a web page
just a general outline of what a style
guide in component library might look
like just creeping towards something
that's clickable and living useful for
jung-woo we played a little with bit do
go and Chris played a little with bit
which is pretty cool component like an
automated component library pulling out
our react stuff and that might be that
might be a call to them it's really it's
it's really I did you go already Diogo
sorry you didn't go yet did you or did
you know if you were planning on showing
that I don't have that girl because I
was making that on the master branch so
I got everything yeah but my fake points
from it's every command is pretty
similar to get and like in ten minutes
we increase we were able to create a new
collection but we made it private but it
can be involved with no problem
you made a new collection exported ten
components there and then in our project
deleted a lot local components and used
the ones from from it
I think the integration is a bit
seamless it's pretty good the only
downside we had I don't remember I know
I wrote it up loading that right
learning the whole framework for each
you have two loads loaded like for each
component again yeah yeah exactly yeah
as we're importing it's about the global
importance
we're importing patents globally in our
project but in bits which makes us
imports if it doesn't work with with
global imports so in each of the
components in the collection we have to
manually me for two seconds and ipfs ESS
although the fungal or rather a bit he
said that they're working on a fix so we
can do global imports on collections so
that's awesome he said he'll pingas and
that's an I think it's worth taking a
look on bit I like it yeah yeah they're
pretty responsive yeah they're yeah they
found this without even pinging them so
Mexico very cool it certainly seems like
manage
a component library is an orthogonal
engineering challenge to pushing forward
the d web and if if it does a good job
of it and I'm happy to offload that work
on that yeah anything cool Eric anything
else or shall we we can who's next you
go Terry Terry
you wanna share thing oh yeah so mostly
I've been watching do go be a rock star
and crank out all this work that's just
on my to-do list but I have done so
there are links to the roadmap thank you
- okay ours for protocol dropped in the
note so if anybody wants to look at
those I think it was great to be
together last week and getting some help
on protocol it's gonna be awesome
so the thing that I'm in the middle of
focus more on now and like kind of
making progress kind of just feeling
overwhelmed stuck is this file tutorial
which one of the problems I'm having is
that there are two completely separate
points of view on what we're teaching
them in what order because we have em FS
commands and then we have all the none
and my first commands that you can use
with files just like the adding yet and
most people had told me that they
thought it made sense to do like there's
dying API there's the non em FS piling
stuff and then which was like this is
really how I BFS works and then wouldn't
it be nice if we could do all of this
pretending it's mutable stuff on top of
it great then teach I'm a fascist though
and the Festus League it's the last
thing you learn and Michael has been
encouraging me to just teach em FS and
treat it as like the entry point you
just think of it as real don't
necessarily admit in that lesson that
it's not and then later reveal under the
covers like he's the dag thing that's
there as being advanced he sees the
adding get part on files as being
advanced they would do it in another
order so I have that kind of like that
conflict going on to separate
sets of commands to kind of teach myself
to be able to teach them and my duck
even my documentation reading skills are
not great or the documentation it's not
create some some combination so I'm
getting a little stuck as I try to make
the code exercises so this is the one
I'm most successful with today which is
specifically like the M FS right command
um you know so this one so that the
upload thing it seems to be working here
so we can get files into the browser to
work with and then we're starting with
just like putting a brand new file in
and I have this working if you do it
correctly and then you can see what you
put in but I have this issue where the
way that these success and failure
messages are generated it's like if an
error message is generated by the ipfs
API that comes up instead of whatever
I've told it to put so for example if I
forget to put the file name and I just
give it a folder which in my beginner
mind I don't when someone says path I
don't think of the file name as being
included so I would be the kind of
person who would do this all right reset
it to make that work so if I do this
mistakenly I don't get the air I put in
which would have been oh look you forgot
to put the file name I said I get this
which means nothing to me and if I make
a different mistake which is to forget
to do this create true so it's just
looking to overwrite an existing file
then
I get file does not exist not like the
destination file you want it right you
doesn't exist and also I had to change
my files to like zebra to convince
myself that this word filed and it mean
my word file yes Ali yeah I agree this
is a big challenge for a school because
the current implementation of
verification of code just just runs your
code it has no doesn't do any
introspection of the actual text that
you write in the editor it just executes
sit and then verifies the response which
makes it currently impossible to say
anything useful about the code you wrote
because we don't we don't introspect it
so we would have to do we would have to
look into passing the code and having an
expectation of the actual the actual ast
the abstract syntax tree of the code
that we were hoping the user would put
in which is definitely achievable but
it's totally on like it's not something
that protocol has looked at yeah so the
the feature that you need to be able to
get good error messages is as a big
chunk of work but worth worth checking
out and doing yeah so when I mentioned
this to Michael I like given some
screenshots of what was happening it was
like is there a way around this like
insights Frodo school he said we could
do a bunch of work to like hack around
it and make our error messages go first
or whatever or do what you're saying the
other thing we could do is if people
agree that one of these two error
messages I've shown you is just plain
old not helpful we could replace it with
something we consider to be helpful in
the API this is coming from the API
right that is also a good point so
that's what like that's one option if
people agree but it's possible that you
know some people are seeing this who
aren't trying to do the same thing and
making the same mistake I am so like
inside proto school I'm very confident
about what the mistake is much more
confident about what the specific
mistake is they're making so I have like
I have built I built validation things
they're just
getting hit none of my validation is
getting hit it's just not actually
submitting and getting to any of my
validation so this is one of the things
I am stuck with but hey I made code that
passed and made it say it passed so that
is a thing I have done which makes me
feel slightly less bad about this
project and then the other problem that
I'm having when I tried to use the add
command and this may be in
miscommunication or miss reading of the
docs but when I was doing this with
Michael last night and he was trying to
help me with both the ad one and the
right one so I swear that like two weeks
ago when I was mistakenly using like
making the lesson and add and trying to
without m FS and then trying to verify
it using stuff in EM FS which obviously
the verification was not working I had
mistakenly written ipfs dot files to add
and then I thought I just passed in my
file object as data and that it was like
the verification didn't work but it like
gave me back a CID right now it doesn't
do that and when I looked at this with
Michael he said that he doesn't think
the ad can take a file object which is a
blob the documentation would suggest
that it can't take a blob because it's
not listed here it is listed in the
documentation for right and I asked
Diogo says that you're using adding it
for shared ipfs that is so clearly
someone knows how to get a file object
in here but if it's a bunch of work that
has to be exposed to the user that would
be bad Polly's so we we discussed this
on a previous call and in web UI we wrap
it in a readable string before passing
it to add its was there a way to fix it
API see don't have so I don't have to
teach a lesson about wrapping file
objects and readable streams yeah Harry
let me just say one thing when people
are screen sharing we can't see all the
faces so yeah feel free to interrupt me
one of my okie ours is two things it's
like oh that would be lovely thank you
it will get them so basically what's
happening right now is just because I
made one thing work in MSS and haven't
made any things work in this one I think
to make myself feel good I'm just gonna
keep working on MF s for right now I'm
making a Memphis lesson yeah we can
circle back to how we do this later
yes ally in terms of priorities I'm
basically in agreement
it's my call like I think MF s is a
reasonable thing to start with okay I
think the dagger commands are definitely
advanced users only
I would campaign in general for them
nobody somebody should've told me that
the first thing I was learning was
advance I would have felt better about
myself oh yeah no it's advanced in as
much as its it's not files like IP this
file interplanetary file system adding
getting files like that's the whole bit
I feel these is great but I don't think
two coefficients present that as like as
important as files in this stage Jimmy I
just want to point out like I actually
think that ipfs add-in ipfs dot files
that ad is like PIRG anomaly wrong like
that KPI yeah it's too easy to forget
type dot files this is a completely
different API method then you're gonna
spend like an hour trying to figure out
what this is and this is a eight things
do they both exist because there's no
ipfs step files to add in the
documentation sorry
yeah this is a well-known UX blunder
that is waiting for someone to you solve
so depending on which library you're
talking about
so the HTTP client now has moved the the
files is now top-level I can I'm not
even gonna say on the call which is
correct because it's changed
at least twice since I've worked here
but the point being this is a known
problem and we are looking for Heroes to
solve it you guys suggested that's gonna
be me me maybe it's not currently on my
okay Oz but it's a combination of the of
the problem of there's like this
mismatch of entropy in old original
flavor ipfs from way back when it was
focused on had put a file in get a CID
out and get put a CID in get a file out
that's where it began and then later on
we were like we need some kind of human
friendly mapping for C IDs because
they're hard to work with so then you
get the NFS to mutable filesystem which
is just a view over a bunch of C IDs
that lets you give human friendly
filecats alias is to see IDs yeah and as
everyone says and then moving files
around from ipfs dot files dot X was it
to ipfs top-level oh yeah
it's the whole thing the general
consensus that we got to was that
commands about files should be at the
top level like they shouldn't be names
based commands about everything else
should be names based because we should
make file operations the easiest thing
and no one
to freak out every time I say that so
what happened oh it's a good sign that
you're not on the wondering if
everything should be in the same
namespace you know what shouldn't be in
the same nice Isis dag an object and a
little but all those other things
because it is like certain when you
first opened up the documentation page
and you just kind of do one specific
task it's like ah it's like this a lot
they're from the south yeah I would um i
would extract dag and object to a
separate command I would make an IPL D
command that is something you can
install if you want to add data to I
give this I think the proto school stuff
is really helpful because this is really
going to force us to change things
Derry's completing fixing but well I
think if you really want people to
really learn these API it's like they're
going to go to this really high quality
place and if everybody's crashing and
burning when you go there that's
probably telling us that our API covers
is probably fine but just the way it's
organized attention that happened once
already with pro schools so we did pro
school in time for the D Web Summit and
everyone was like why do I have to
manually unpack C IDs all over the place
this is the worst and so we fixed that
okay you know that's me
we can stop chatting about me that's but
we're talking about the UX of ipfs in
general the pro school is at the
vanguard of the pointy end the thing
that we can also have metrics on which
lessons to people freak out on and just
quit to delete their browser anyone else
got anything else to want to want to
share Jim you've got a thing you want to
do just DDC working group
did we do there okay ours like everybody
else and just get the information out
there so there's basically three people
in DD C right now so had your own ID or
just gonna do i p NS i BN s only you're
gonna make IP NS fast and awesome and
multi writer and all sorts of crazy
things well so we'll see how that goes
that seems like a big big job and then
i'm gonna be doing everything else so
and i'm gonna do lots and lots of little
things so hopefully maybe i can do a
little bit of stuff with package
measures a little bit of stuff with
collaborations and then do a little bit
of stuff stuff for FS camp super cool
are you the main point of contact for
the DDC team now yes I don't think I'm
officially captain there anything you
know I'm wrangled OPRS anyways give
co-captain yeah the work attaches
responsibility attaches to those who do
the work yeah random cool three minutes
on the clock
oh there was a thing on the agenda Oh
John I taught Oh Hugo of course I'm so
sorry
you can talk keep interrupting
and talk fast
I will so what I've been doing
Lisbon team week reviewing some part for
lockfile stuff that never ends but
possibly this is the time lots of
planning and no cure definitions for the
web browser little brute continue the
view support debugging of em flex in
readable stream and basically we just
was just gonna wait for the pull em
plugs to be more John Jessup EFS and
that will fix the most critical problem
on view and yeah and I can s research I
went through the DDC of yards and all
our documents they have the the RFC from
Mars which is basically I've been s over
the units which is not the way the
delici working group is going to
implement a Phoenix ya hear that I'm
walk on the pull implies request
basically to finish or finish part one
of my video for to cure and yeah I'll
continue my IP NS research yes Holly
just only that's not the way the Dec are
gonna implement it last I heard a demon
speak about it he was requesting some
metrics from the package managers
working group to suggest to help them
decide what the right solution for this
is like what are the needs of packages
how quick do they need openness to be I
saw it I didn't Jim okay okay
so I think we should get like like an IP
NS Tiger team together so it's not like
just Petra Nadine or two full-time
resources but like Hugo should be on
that tier for sure and there's probably
like other people
that's just everything so it's sort of
like I should be fairly large so I don't
think we have to do that okay ours on
the spreadsheet in there to fit into the
particular groups but I think so for
something like IP NS that like spreads
across everything I think we need to
figure out how to get people to meet
together yeah I already already talked
to either with the petrol a little bit
and it's topped with a dame and yeah mmm
my works more scopes to the browser
context yeah we need to talk with
everyone and see what we're supposed to
do because from what the OPRS is kind of
yeah
I would rather hire implement IPS or DNS
then doing floods with peanuts really
but yeah we should talk yeah I mean I'm
sort of talk to a Dean a little bit
about like how it happened so fast in
that protocol and that project and you
know it's basically the same things Jim
would you be happy to bubble this up to
the project project cool yeah and just
double-check with petrol and Adeem that
they're happy to be tying it up yeah I
think it's a good ideas good suggestion
you just need to raise it with with
project level mm-hmm it's just gonna be
like the site like you do you want to do
video meetings and Raqqah synchronously
yeah perfect
anybody anybody you got anything else
they want to share
we're one minute over so no is a good
answer there's a thing in the agenda
that says this call has moved back an
hour for many people whose time zones
have shifted relative to UTC is that a
problem
anyone as this calls seem to be healthy
there's you know there's no deitrick but
I assume he's that's not because of
because of time zones Diego's tolerant
tolerating it with a 50/50
Hugo still looks happy all right I'd be
happy to push back to the error we had
to that but this is not impossible so
good I would like to keep it locked to
UTC and just deal with it and then and
then in the same way like we should fix
the API like we should fix our
individual countries sluicing around
relative to UCC
yeah I have a lot of control over my
government as you can tell us and
that'll be enough Emma
all right oh well we should have a chat
offline because there's some other
things I think we should get fixed
really the whole West Coast of us in
Canada are gonna switch I think Portugal
is was talking about it yeah in two
years time two years time
so Europe has kind of said we're gonna
stop dictating whether we should all do
it or not which is just going to be
chaos because it's like we should either
all not do it well we should all do it
but now it's gonna be like every country
should just decide just or just leave
Europe right okay oh my trunk let's have
a nice evening thanks you go this is
very idea based weekly in web browsers
and greetings in cool and protocol and
EDC